 Whom I'm talking to the bull of your fall Robot with now. Why are you crying? Oh Are you on a cell phone or landline? Do you have a debit card? How much money you have on your debit card? Okay, and What was the goal what's concerning about that you receive? Yeah, we are about to sustain your social. Okay, sir Once we sustain your social security number if you have driver license state ID bank account credit card debit card Everything will be seized and frozen. You cannot able to use it. That's why we try to reach you Do you go for a shopping or anything or you don't do? You can go to the store right you can try the car Help me with your first and your last name once again to pull up all your fun. My first name is Robert spell your last name or Crane L robot Crane L you have any more like a Middle name show middle name anything Okay, help me with the last four of your social as well and the zip cut of your mailing address says it cut The house where you live right now is that your personal Okay, you are renting senior housing Okay, sir, and you say that you receive a call from us, right? Can you also make sure? How many vehicles do you have under your name? and Do you still drive that car your social your driver license got expired or you have a? Valet license and how many bank account you are banking with how many bank account you have? Milk field bank right you have it how much you have in a checking and a 70 97,000 right and do you have a debit card for that? credit card Okay, you have any for one here IRA under your name Okay, sir Do you know how to collect the picture of a driver license and send it on a direct line true to the message? True to the like no no no you what you I want you to do by yourself not your neighbor Holland for a moment. I have do Attach your driver license to your case file so that I can explain you so I need your Driver license picture, okay. I want you to collect a picture and send it on my direct line number I will send you a high message you got my boy Yes, you are speaking with an agent Ray Johnson page number GS24950 It's an GS is in government service 24950 I will send you a high message from a direct line number I want you to hold the line for a moment because I have to take all these I information from the higher door this so that we can attach which of the ever work, okay, okay Hold on for a moment sir. Oh, I'm a thank you You can click the picture of a driver license, okay, okay Click your picture of a driver license You have to send on my direct line number true to the message. I will send you a high message